README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
# Docto

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
=======
# Real_Time_Private_Chat_With_Doctor
Online real time private chat app to chat with the doctors around your place build with Angular and Socket Node
>>>>>>> 11b817a350ea64426e49e503bb82808c3b033aba

Commit message:

readme file updated with instructions

README.md, after:

# Docto (Real_Time_Private_Chat_With_Doctor)
This repository consist both the <b>client</b> and <b>server</b>
<br/>
server file is inside of the <b>client's</b> file named -> <b>docto-server</b>(node)
<br>
## Tools and Tech's used to create this application<br>
[<img src="https://rawgit.com/brillout/awesome-angular-components/master/angular-logo.svg"  width="100" height="100">](https://github.com/tabrezansari/Real_Time_Private_Chat_With_Doctor)
[<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/nodejs-icon.svg"   width="100" height="100">](https://github.com/tabrezansari/Real_Time_Private_Chat_With_Doctor)
[<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/socket-io.svg"   width="100" height="100">](https://github.com/tabrezansari/Real_Time_Private_Chat_With_Doctors)
[<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/mysql-5.svg"  width="100" height="100">](https://github.com/tabrezansari/Real_Time_Private_Chat_With_Doctor)


## To run this application follow the following steps.
1. import <b>db.sql</b> from (docto/docto-server/config/db.sql) to create database and tables.<br>
2. npm install in both the <b>client</b> and <b>server</b> folder <br/>
<b>npm install</b> (docto folder)<br>
<b>npm install</b> (docto-server folder)<br/>
2. inside the <B>docto/docto-server</b> run the command <b>node start.js <br> to start the server</b>
4. inside the root directory run the command <b>ng serve </b> to start the client <br>

That's it.<br>
You are good to go now!!<br>
